Working at Facebook means doing what you love. We hire trailblazers, hackers and pioneers. We want people who can solve challenging problems, make a real impact and build something big. You should join us. 
For contractor opportunities at Facebook, click here.
Focus on Impact
To have the biggest impact, we need to focus on solving the most important problems. It sounds simple, but most companies do this poorly and waste a lot of time. We expect everyone at Facebook to be good at finding the biggest problems to work on.
Move Fast
We have a saying: “Move fast and break things.” The idea is that if you never break anything, you’re probably not moving fast enough. At Facebook, we’re less afraid of making mistakes than we are of losing opportunities.
Scenes that Russians hoped had receded into the past reappeared on the streets. Currency exchange signs blinked ever-changing digits. Russians rushed to appliance stores to buy washing machines or televisions to unload rubles. Unsure of prices, car dealerships like Volvo in Russia halted business, while Apple stopped online sales in the country.

After a middle-of-the night interest rate hike, a sense of economic chaos settled over the Russian capital. The ruble was in free fall, dropping under 80 rubles to the dollar, after opening the day at 64 to the dollar.

Continue reading the main story
RELATED COVERAGE

A neon sign advertised currency exchange rates in Moscow on Monday. Interest Rate Raised to 17% in RussiaDEC. 15, 2014
Market Turmoil: Vladimir Putin vs. the Currency Markets: What to Know About the Ruble’s CollapseDEC. 15, 2014
President Vladimir V. Putin during a business conference on Thursday.Putin Trumpets Economic Strength, but Advisers Seem Less CertainOCT. 2, 2014
A Moscow currency exchange on Tuesday showing the value of the ruble, which is down 40 percent against the dollar this year.With Russia on Brink of Recession, Putin Faces ‘New Reality’ DEC. 2, 2014
A drilling site in the Kara Sea, a Russian sector of the Arctic. After sanctions suspended deals in September, Rosneft began working on plans to drill without the cooperation of major Western oil companies.The ‘Russification’ of Oil ExplorationOCT. 29, 2014
“We are seeing an economic crisis,” Natalia V. Akindinova, a professor at the Higher School of Economics, said in a telephone interview. “We are seeing a sharp devaluation of the ruble at a time when the central bank doesn’t have the reserves to influence the market, as it did in the past crises.”

The Russian economy is getting battered by the painful combination of Western sanctions and low oil prices. The country is expected to fall into a recession next year.

Higher School of Economics, said in a telephone interview. “We are seeing a sharp devaluation of the ruble at a time when the central bank doesn’t have the reserves to influence the market, as it did in the past crises.”

The Russian economy is getting battered by the painful combination of Western sanctions and low oil prices. The country is expected to fall into a recession next year.

Global investors are increasingly concerned that tumult in Russia might not be isolated. Many emerging markets like Venezuela and Nigeria are dependent on their energy exports, which are being hurt by the deep and sustained decline in oil prices. Oil is now trading at around $55 a barrel, compared to more than $100 a barrel this summer.

Emerging markets are also under pressure as the Federal Reserve in the United States shifts strategy. Some countries like Turkey and South Africa have depended heavily on external financing to aid their growth. They have been hurt by expectations that the Fed would raise rates.

“There is country-specific risk for Russia that’s not going to go away,” said ​Phyllis Papadavid, a foreign exchange strategist at BNP Paribas in London. “But there’s a larger story.”

In Russia, investors are growing increasingly worried that the Kremlin has in effect decided to print money to address a growing debt problem. Traders are also raising concern that the cronyism and opaque insider dealings that have plagued business here have now spread to monetary policy.

In the oil boom years, the government of Mr. Putin assumed an ever-larger role in the economy. Longtime associates of Mr. Putin’s from his hometown, St. Petersburg, or from his years in the Soviet KGB intelligence agency took the helms of huge new state-owned enterprises. All the while, the central bank and a liberal wing of economic policy advisers kept aloof from this politically driven divvying up of assets.

Now, market sentiment is shifting. A continued fall in the value of the ruble could present Mr. Putin with difficult choices and could make it more difficult to sustain the political support he has enjoyed at home even as his relations with the West have frayed.
